---
title: Convert MOBI to DOTX via .NET 
weight: 2750
url: /net/conversion/mobi-to-dotx/ 
description: Try our On-Premise APIs with your document on .NET Framework, .NET Core, Windows Azure, Mono or Xamarin Platforms.
---

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class isAutogenPage="true">}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/upper-banner h1="Convert MOBI to DOTX via C#" h2="Build apps on .NET Framework, .NET Core, Windows Azure, Mono or Xamarin Platforms that can convert MOBI to DOTX." logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.com/templates/aspose/App_Themes/V3/images/words/272x272/aspose_words-for-net.png" sourceAdditionalConversionTag="" additionalConversionTag="DOTX" pfName="Aspose.Words" subTitlepfName="for .NET" downloadUrl="" fileiconsmall1="HTML" fileiconsmall2="JPG" fileiconsmall3="PDF" fileiconsmall4="XML" fileiconsmall5="MOBI" >}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-container pfName="Aspose.Words " subTitlepfName="for .NET" >}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/sub-menu autoGeneratedVersion="true" logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.com/templates/aspose/App_Themes/V3/images/words/272x272/aspose_words-for-net.png" apiHomeLink="https://products.aspose.app/words/family" codeSamplesLink="https://github.com/aspose-words" liveDemosLink="https://products.aspose.app/words/family" docsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/words/net" installationsDocsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/words/net" nugetLink="https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.words" nugetPackageName="" downloadAsLink="" learnAsLink="" apiReference="" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="How to Convert MOBI to DOTX Using C#" %}}

 In order to convert MOBI to DOTX, we’ll use
 [Aspose.Words for .NET](https://products.aspose.com/words/net) 
 API which is a feature-rich, powerful and easy to use document manipulation and conversion API for C# platform. Open
 [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.words) 
 package manager, search for
 **Aspose.Words** 
 and install. You may also use the following command from the Package Manager Console.

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Aspose.Words" offSpacer="true" %}}

```cs

PM> Install-Package Aspose.Words

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section isGrey="true" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="Steps to Convert MOBI to DOTX via C#" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Aspose.Words makes it easy for the developers to load & convert MOBI files to DOTX in just a few lines of code.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

1.  Load MOBI file with an instance of Document class
1.  Call the Save method with output file path & SaveFormat.Dotx as parameters
1.  DOTX file will be saved at the specified path

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="System Requirements" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Aspose.Words for .NET is supported on all major operating systems. Just make sure that you have the following prerequisites.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

-  Microsoft Windows or a compatible OS with .NET Framework, .NET Core, Windows Azure, Mono or Xamarin Platforms.
-  Development environment like Microsoft Visual Studio.
-  Aspose.Words for .NET DLL referenced in your project.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Command" offSpacer="" %}}

```cs
// load MOBI with an instance of Document
var document = new Aspose.Words.Document("template.mobi");
// call Save method while passing SaveFormat.DOTX
document.Save("output.dotx", Aspose.Words.SaveFormat.Dotx); 

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section >}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/faq-item question="" answer="" >}}
 

<!-- aboutfile Starts -->

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox sectionTitle="Free App to Convert MOBI to DOTX" sectionDescription="Check our live demos for [MOBI to DOTX conversion](https://products.aspose.app/words/conversion/mobi-to-dotx) with following benefits." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-cogs" text=" No need to download or setup anything." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-edit" text=" No need to write any code." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-file-text" text=" Just upload your MOBI file and hit the \"Convert\" button." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-download" text=" You will instantly get the download link for resultant DOTX file." >}}

    {{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="" %}}

 A Document Processing Library to perform a wide range of document management and manipulation tasks including generation, editing, conversion, rendering and printing. .NET Word API supports all of word-processing formats as well as allows exporting or converting documents to DOTX, fixed-layout and most commonly used image & multimedia formats.



    {{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="MOBI" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/ebook/mobi/" >}}
The MOBI file format is one of the most widely used ebook file format. The format is an enhancement to the old OEB (Open Ebook Format) format and was used as proprietary format for Mobipocket Reader. Like EPUB, it is supported by almost all modern e-readers specifically by mobile devices with low bandwidth. The format can be converted to several other formats such as PDF, EPUB and several other formats using publicly available software applications such as the Kindle app. There are several companies that offer free MOBI books such as Project Gutenberg, Feedbooks, and Open Library.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="dotx" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/word-processing/dotx/" >}}
Files with DOTX extension are template files created by Microsoft Word to have pre-formatted settings for generation of further DOCX files. A template file is created in order to have specific user settings that should be applied to subsequent flies created from these. These settings include page margins, borders, headers, footers, and other page settings. Such templates are used in official documents such as company letterheads and standardized forms. The DOTX file format was introduced with the release of Microsoft Office 2007 to replace the binary DOT file format, but is supported by higher versions as well. Microsoft Word by default opens every new document based on normal.dot file. If modified, all the new files created will result in same settings as from the template file. In Microsoft Word 2007, the DOT file format has been replaced with Office OpenXML based DOTX file format.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

    {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox >}}

<!-- aboutfile Ends -->

{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-container >}}
    
{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class >}}