---
title: Convert PDF to DOT via C++ application 
url: /cpp/conversion/pdf-to-dot/ 
description: Sample C++ conversion code for PDF file to DOT format. Programmers can use this example code for batch PDF document to DOT conversion within any C++ Application.
---

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class isAutogenPage="true">}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/upper-banner h1="Convert PDF to DOT via C++" h2="High performance PDF to DOT conversion using C++ library without the need of Microsoft Word, OpenOffice or Adobe Acrobat installation." logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.cloud/templates/aspose/img/products/words/aspose_words-for-cpp.svg" sourceAdditionalConversionTag="" additionalConversionTag="DOT" pfName="Aspose.Words" subTitlepfName="for C++" downloadUrl="" fileiconsmall1="DOCX" fileiconsmall2="JPG" fileiconsmall3="PDF" fileiconsmall4="XML" fileiconsmall5="PDF" >}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-container pfName="Aspose.Words " subTitlepfName="for C++" >}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/sub-menu autoGeneratedVersion="true" logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.cloud/templates/aspose/img/products/words/aspose_words-for-cpp.svg" apiHomeLink="" codeSamplesLink="https://github.com/aspose-words" liveDemosLink="https://products.aspose.app/words/family" docsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/words/cpp" installationsDocsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/words/cpp" nugetLink="https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.words" nugetPackageName="" downloadAsLink="https://downloads.aspose.com/words/cpp" learnAsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/words/cpp" apiReference="" mavenRepoLink="" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="How to Convert PDF to DOT Using C++" %}}

 In order to convert PDF to DOT, we’ll use
 [Aspose.Words for C++](https://products.aspose.com/words/cpp) 
 API which is a feature-rich, powerful and easy to use document manipulation and conversion API for C++ platform. You can download its latest version directly, just open
 [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.words) 
 package manager, search for
 **Aspose.Words.Cpp** 
 and install. You may also use the following command from the Package Manager Console.

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Command" offSpacer="true" %}}

```cs

PM> Install-Package Aspose.Words.Cpp

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section isGrey="true" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="Steps to Convert PDF to DOT via C++" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Aspose.Words API makes it easy for the developers to convert PDF file to DOT in just a few lines of code.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

1.  Load PDF file with Aspose.Words for C++.
1.  Call the Save() method.
1.  Pass the output file path with (DOT) file extension.
1.  DOT file will be saved at the specified path.
1.  Open DOT file in compatible program.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="System Requirements" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Aspose.Words for C++ supports on all major platforms and Operating Systems. Please make sure that you have the following prerequisites.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

  - Microsoft Windows or a compatible OS with C++ Runtime Environment for Windows 32 bit, Windows 64 bit and Linux 64 bit.
  - Aspose.Words for C++ DLL referenced in your project.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="PDF to DOT C++ Conversion Source Code" offSpacer="" %}}

```cs
// Load the PDF.
System::SharedPtr<Document> doc = System::MakeObject<Document>(u"sourceFile.pdf");
// Save in DOT format.
doc->Save(u"convertedFile.dot");

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section >}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/faq-item question="" answer="" >}}
 

<!-- aboutfile Starts -->

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox sectionTitle="PDF to DOT Conversion Live Demos" sectionDescription="[Convert PDF to DOT](https://products.aspose.app/words/conversion/pdf-to-dot) right now by visiting our Live Demos website.The live demo has the following benefits" >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-cogs" text=" No need to download Aspose API." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-edit" text=" No need to write any code." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-file-text" text=" Just upload your PDF file, it will be converted instantly to DOT." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-download" text=" You will get the download link." >}}

    {{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="C++ Word Document Manipulation Library" %}}

 Aspose.Words API can be used to load, view and convert Microsoft Word and OpenDocument Formats like DOC, DOCX, ODT to PDF, XPS, HTML and various other formats. You can also create new documents from scratch and save them in the supported formats. Aspose.Words is a standalone API that is suitable for server side and backend systems where high performance is required. It does not depend on any software like Microsoft or OpenOffice. ‎



    {{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="PDF" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/view/pdf/" >}}

Portable Document Format (PDF) is a type of document created by Adobe back in 1990s. The purpose of this file format was to introduce a standard for representation of documents and other reference material in a format that is independent of application software, hardware as well as Operating System. PDF files can be opened in Adobe Acrobat Reader/Writer as well in most modern browsers like Chrome, Safari, Firefox via extensions/plug-ins. Most of the commercially available software suites also offer conversion of their documents to PDF file format without the requirement of any additional software component. Thus, PDF file format has full capability to contain information like text, images, hyperlinks, form-fields, rich media, digital signatures, attachments, metadata, Geospatial features and 3D objects in it that can become as part of source document.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="DOT" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/word-processing/dot/" >}}

Files with .DOT extension are template files created by Microsoft Word to have pre-formatted settings for generation of further DOC or DOCX files. A template file is created in order to have specific user settings that should be applied to subsequent files created from these. These settings include page margins, borders, headers, footers, and other page settings. Such templates are used in official documents such as company letterheads and standardized forms. The DOT file format is specific to Microsoft Word 2003 and earlier, but is supported by higher versions as well. Microsoft Word by default opens every new document based on normal.dot file. If modified, all the new files created will result in same settings as from the template file. In Microsoft Word 2007, the DOT file format has been replaced with Office OpenXML based DOTX file format.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

    {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox >}}

<!-- aboutfile Ends -->


{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-container >}}
    
{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class >}}