---
title: Convert MOBI to GIF via .NET 
weight: 9180
url: /net/conversion/mobi-to-gif/ 
description: Try our On-Premise APIs with your document on .NET Framework, .NET Core, Windows Azure, Mono or Xamarin Platforms.
---

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class isAutogenPage="true">}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/upper-banner h1="Convert MOBI to GIF via C#" h2="Build apps on .NET Framework, .NET Core, Windows Azure, Mono or Xamarin Platforms that can convert MOBI to GIF." logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.com/templates/aspose/App_Themes/V3/images/words/272x272/aspose_words-for-net.png" sourceAdditionalConversionTag="" additionalConversionTag="GIF" pfName="Aspose.Words" subTitlepfName="for .NET" downloadUrl="" fileiconsmall1="HTML" fileiconsmall2="JPG" fileiconsmall3="PDF" fileiconsmall4="XML" fileiconsmall5="MOBI" >}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-container pfName="Aspose.Words " subTitlepfName="for .NET" >}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/sub-menu autoGeneratedVersion="true" logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.com/templates/aspose/App_Themes/V3/images/words/272x272/aspose_words-for-net.png" apiHomeLink="https://products.aspose.app/words/family" codeSamplesLink="https://github.com/aspose-words" liveDemosLink="https://products.aspose.app/words/family" docsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/words/net" installationsDocsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/words/net" nugetLink="https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.words" nugetPackageName="" downloadAsLink="" learnAsLink="" apiReference="" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="How to Convert MOBI to GIF Using C#" %}}

 In order to convert MOBI to GIF, weвЂ™ll use
 [Aspose.Words for .NET](https://products.aspose.com/words/net) 
 API which is a feature-rich, powerful and easy to use document manipulation and conversion API for C# platform. Open
 [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.words) 
 package manager, search for
 **Aspose.Words** 
 and install. You may also use the following command from the Package Manager Console.

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Aspose.Words" offSpacer="true" %}}

```cs

PM> Install-Package Aspose.Words

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section isGrey="true" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="Steps to Convert MOBI to GIF via C#" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Aspose.Words makes it easy for the developers to load & convert MOBI files to GIF in just a few lines of code.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

1.  Load MOBI file with an instance of Document class
1.  Call the Save method with output file path & SaveFormat.Gif as parameters
1.  GIF file will be saved at the specified path

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="System Requirements" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Aspose.Words for .NET is supported on all major operating systems. Just make sure that you have the following prerequisites.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

-  Microsoft Windows or a compatible OS with .NET Framework, .NET Core, Windows Azure, Mono or Xamarin Platforms.
-  Development environment like Microsoft Visual Studio.
-  Aspose.Words for .NET DLL referenced in your project.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Command" offSpacer="" %}}

```cs
// load MOBI with an instance of Document
var document = new Aspose.Words.Document("template.mobi");
// call Save method while passing SaveFormat.GIF
document.Save("output.gif", Aspose.Words.SaveFormat.Gif); 

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section >}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/faq-item question="" answer="" >}}
 

<!-- aboutfile Starts -->

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox sectionTitle="Free App to Convert MOBI to GIF" sectionDescription="Check our live demos for [MOBI to GIF conversion](https://products.aspose.app/words/conversion/mobi-to-gif) with following benefits." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-cogs" text=" No need to download or setup anything." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-edit" text=" No need to write any code." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-file-text" text=" Just upload your MOBI file and hit the \"Convert\" button." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-download" text=" You will instantly get the download link for resultant GIF file." >}}

    {{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="" %}}

 A Document Processing Library to perform a wide range of document management and manipulation tasks including generation, editing, conversion, rendering and printing. .NET Word API supports all of word-processing formats as well as allows exporting or converting documents to GIF, fixed-layout and most commonly used image & multimedia formats.



    {{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="MOBI" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/ebook/mobi/" >}}
The MOBI file format is one of the most widely used ebook file format. The format is an enhancement to the old OEB (Open Ebook Format) format and was used as proprietary format for Mobipocket Reader. Like EPUB, it is supported by almost all modern e-readers specifically by mobile devices with low bandwidth. The format can be converted to several other formats such as PDF, EPUB and several other formats using publicly available software applications such as the Kindle app. There are several companies that offer free MOBI books such as Project Gutenberg, Feedbooks, and Open Library.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="gif" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/image/gif/" >}}
A GIF or Graphical Interchange Format is a type of highly compressed image. Owned by Unisys, GIF uses the LZW compression algorithm that does not degrade the image quality. For each image GIF typically allow up to 8 bits per pixel and up to 256 colours are allowed across the image. In contrast to a JPEG image, which can display up to 16 million colours and fairly touches the limits of the human eye. Back when the internet emerged, GIFs remained the best choice because they required low bandwidth and compatible for the graphics that consume solid areas of colour. An animated GIF combines numerous images or frames into a single file and displays them in a sequence to generate an animated clip or a short video. The colour limitations are up to 256 for each frame and are likely to be the least suitable for reproducing other images and photographs with colour gradient.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

    {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox >}}

<!-- aboutfile Ends -->

{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-container >}}
    
{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class >}}