---
title: Convert ODT to TIFF via .NET 
weight: 9490
url: /net/conversion/odt-to-tiff/ 
description: Try our On-Premise APIs with your document on .NET Framework, .NET Core, Windows Azure, Mono or Xamarin Platforms.
---

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class isAutogenPage="true">}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/upper-banner h1="Convert ODT to TIFF via C#" h2="Build apps on .NET Framework, .NET Core, Windows Azure, Mono or Xamarin Platforms that can convert ODT to TIFF." logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.com/templates/aspose/App_Themes/V3/images/words/272x272/aspose_words-for-net.png" sourceAdditionalConversionTag="" additionalConversionTag="TIFF" pfName="Aspose.Words" subTitlepfName="for .NET" downloadUrl="" fileiconsmall1="HTML" fileiconsmall2="JPG" fileiconsmall3="PDF" fileiconsmall4="XML" fileiconsmall5="ODT" >}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-container pfName="Aspose.Words " subTitlepfName="for .NET" >}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/sub-menu autoGeneratedVersion="true" logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.com/templates/aspose/App_Themes/V3/images/words/272x272/aspose_words-for-net.png" apiHomeLink="https://products.aspose.app/words/family" codeSamplesLink="https://github.com/aspose-words" liveDemosLink="https://products.aspose.app/words/family" docsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/words/net" installationsDocsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/words/net" nugetLink="https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.words" nugetPackageName="" downloadAsLink="" learnAsLink="" apiReference="" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="How to Convert ODT to TIFF Using C#" %}}

 In order to convert ODT to TIFF, weвЂ™ll use
 [Aspose.Words for .NET](https://products.aspose.com/words/net) 
 API which is a feature-rich, powerful and easy to use document manipulation and conversion API for C# platform. Open
 [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.words) 
 package manager, search for
 **Aspose.Words** 
 and install. You may also use the following command from the Package Manager Console.

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Aspose.Words" offSpacer="true" %}}

```cs

PM> Install-Package Aspose.Words

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section isGrey="true" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="Steps to Convert ODT to TIFF via C#" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Aspose.Words makes it easy for the developers to load & convert ODT files to TIFF in just a few lines of code.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

1.  Load ODT file with an instance of Document class
1.  Call the Save method with output file path & SaveFormat.Tiff as parameters
1.  TIFF file will be saved at the specified path

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="System Requirements" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Aspose.Words for .NET is supported on all major operating systems. Just make sure that you have the following prerequisites.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

-  Microsoft Windows or a compatible OS with .NET Framework, .NET Core, Windows Azure, Mono or Xamarin Platforms.
-  Development environment like Microsoft Visual Studio.
-  Aspose.Words for .NET DLL referenced in your project.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Command" offSpacer="" %}}

```cs
// load ODT with an instance of Document
var document = new Aspose.Words.Document("template.odt");
// call Save method while passing SaveFormat.TIFF
document.Save("output.tiff", Aspose.Words.SaveFormat.Tiff); 

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section >}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/faq-item question="" answer="" >}}
 

<!-- aboutfile Starts -->

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox sectionTitle="Free App to Convert ODT to TIFF" sectionDescription="Check our live demos for [ODT to TIFF conversion](https://products.aspose.app/words/conversion/odt-to-tiff) with following benefits." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-cogs" text=" No need to download or setup anything." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-edit" text=" No need to write any code." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-file-text" text=" Just upload your ODT file and hit the \"Convert\" button." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-download" text=" You will instantly get the download link for resultant TIFF file." >}}

    {{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="" %}}

 A Document Processing Library to perform a wide range of document management and manipulation tasks including generation, editing, conversion, rendering and printing. .NET Word API supports all of word-processing formats as well as allows exporting or converting documents to TIFF, fixed-layout and most commonly used image & multimedia formats.



    {{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="ODT" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/word-processing/odt/" >}}
ODT files are type of documents created with word processing applications that are based on OpenDocument Text File format. These are created with word processor applications such as free OpenOffice Writer and can hold content such as text, images, objects and styles. The ODT file is to Writer word processor what the DOCX is to Microsoft Word. Several applications including Google Docs and Google's web-based word processor included with Google Drive can open the ODT files for editing. Microsoft Word can also open ODT files and save it in to other formats such as DOC and DOCX.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="tiff" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/image/tiff/" >}}
TIFF or TIF, Tagged Image File Format, represents raster images that are meant for usage on a variety of devices that comply with this file format standard. It is capable of describing bilevel, grayscale, palette-color and full-color image data in several color spaces. It supports lossy as well as lossless compression schemes to choose between space and time for applications using the format. The format is extensible and has underwent several revisions that allows the inclusion of an unlimited amount of private or special-purpose information. The format is not machine dependent and is free from bounds like processor, operating system, or file systems.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

    {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox >}}

<!-- aboutfile Ends -->

{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-container >}}
    
{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class >}}