---
title: Convert PDF to DOTX via .NET 
weight: 6360
url: /net/conversion/pdf-to-dotx/ 
description: Try our On-Premise APIs with your document on .NET Framework, .NET Core, Windows Azure, Mono or Xamarin Platforms.
---

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class isAutogenPage="true">}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/upper-banner h1="Convert PDF to DOTX via C#" h2="Build apps on .NET Framework, .NET Core, Windows Azure, Mono or Xamarin Platforms that can convert PDF to DOTX." logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.com/templates/aspose/App_Themes/V3/images/words/272x272/aspose_words-for-net.png" sourceAdditionalConversionTag="" additionalConversionTag="DOTX" pfName="Aspose.Words" subTitlepfName="for .NET" downloadUrl="" fileiconsmall1="HTML" fileiconsmall2="JPG" fileiconsmall3="PDF" fileiconsmall4="XML" fileiconsmall5="PDF" >}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-container pfName="Aspose.Words " subTitlepfName="for .NET" >}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/sub-menu autoGeneratedVersion="true" logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.com/templates/aspose/App_Themes/V3/images/words/272x272/aspose_words-for-net.png" apiHomeLink="https://products.aspose.app/words/family" codeSamplesLink="https://github.com/aspose-words" liveDemosLink="https://products.aspose.app/words/family" docsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/words/net" installationsDocsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/words/net" nugetLink="https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.words" nugetPackageName="" downloadAsLink="" learnAsLink="" apiReference="" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="How to Convert PDF to DOTX Using C#" %}}

 In order to convert PDF to DOTX, we’ll use
 [Aspose.Words for .NET](https://products.aspose.com/words/net) 
 API which is a feature-rich, powerful and easy to use document manipulation and conversion API for C# platform. Open
 [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.words) 
 package manager, search for
 **Aspose.Words** 
 and install. You may also use the following command from the Package Manager Console.

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Aspose.Words" offSpacer="true" %}}

```cs

PM> Install-Package Aspose.Words

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section isGrey="true" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="Steps to Convert PDF to DOTX via C#" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Aspose.Words makes it easy for the developers to load & convert PDF files to DOTX in just a few lines of code.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

1.  Load PDF file with an instance of Document class
1.  Call the Save method with output file path & SaveFormat.Dotx as parameters
1.  DOTX file will be saved at the specified path

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="System Requirements" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Aspose.Words for .NET is supported on all major operating systems. Just make sure that you have the following prerequisites.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

-  Microsoft Windows or a compatible OS with .NET Framework, .NET Core, Windows Azure, Mono or Xamarin Platforms.
-  Development environment like Microsoft Visual Studio.
-  Aspose.Words for .NET DLL referenced in your project.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Command" offSpacer="" %}}

```cs
// load PDF with an instance of Document
var document = new Aspose.Words.Document("template.pdf");
// call Save method while passing SaveFormat.DOTX
document.Save("output.dotx", Aspose.Words.SaveFormat.Dotx); 

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section >}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/faq-item question="" answer="" >}}
 

<!-- aboutfile Starts -->

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox sectionTitle="Free App to Convert PDF to DOTX" sectionDescription="Check our live demos for [PDF to DOTX conversion](https://products.aspose.app/words/conversion/pdf-to-dotx) with following benefits." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-cogs" text=" No need to download or setup anything." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-edit" text=" No need to write any code." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-file-text" text=" Just upload your PDF file and hit the \"Convert\" button." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-download" text=" You will instantly get the download link for resultant DOTX file." >}}

    {{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="" %}}

 A Document Processing Library to perform a wide range of document management and manipulation tasks including generation, editing, conversion, rendering and printing. .NET Word API supports all of word-processing formats as well as allows exporting or converting documents to DOTX, fixed-layout and most commonly used image & multimedia formats.



    {{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="PDF" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/view/pdf/" >}}
Portable Document Format (PDF) is a type of document created by Adobe back in 1990s. The purpose of this file format was to introduce a standard for representation of documents and other reference material in a format that is independent of application software, hardware as well as Operating System. PDF files can be opened in Adobe Acrobat Reader/Writer as well in most modern browsers like Chrome, Safari, Firefox via extensions/plug-ins. Most of the commercially available software suites also offer conversion of their documents to PDF file format without the requirement of any additional software component. Thus, PDF file format has full capability to contain information like text, images, hyperlinks, form-fields, rich media, digital signatures, attachments, metadata, Geospatial features and 3D objects in it that can become as part of source document.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="dotx" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/word-processing/dotx/" >}}
Files with DOTX extension are template files created by Microsoft Word to have pre-formatted settings for generation of further DOCX files. A template file is created in order to have specific user settings that should be applied to subsequent flies created from these. These settings include page margins, borders, headers, footers, and other page settings. Such templates are used in official documents such as company letterheads and standardized forms. The DOTX file format was introduced with the release of Microsoft Office 2007 to replace the binary DOT file format, but is supported by higher versions as well. Microsoft Word by default opens every new document based on normal.dot file. If modified, all the new files created will result in same settings as from the template file. In Microsoft Word 2007, the DOT file format has been replaced with Office OpenXML based DOTX file format.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

    {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox >}}

<!-- aboutfile Ends -->

{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-container >}}
    
{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class >}}