---
title: Convert PDF to EMF via Java 
url: /java/conversion/pdf-to-emf/ 
description: Sample Java conversion code for PDF format to EMF file. Programmers can use this example code for multiple PDF to EMF files conversion within any Web or Desktop Java based Application.
---

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class isAutogenPage="true">}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/upper-banner h1="Convert PDF to EMF via Java" h2="PDF to EMF Java conversion to convert single or multiple pages to EMF documents using On-premise Java library." logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.cloud/templates/aspose/img/products/words/aspose_words-for-java.svg" sourceAdditionalConversionTag="" additionalConversionTag="EMF" pfName="Aspose.Words" subTitlepfName="for Java" downloadUrl="" fileiconsmall1="PDFX" fileiconsmall2="JPG" fileiconsmall3="EMF" fileiconsmall4="XML" fileiconsmall5="PDF" >}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-container pfName="Aspose.Words " subTitlepfName="for Java" >}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/sub-menu autoGeneratedVersion="true" logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.cloud/templates/aspose/img/products/words/aspose_words-for-java.svg" apiHomeLink="https://products.aspose.app/words/family" codeSamplesLink="https://github.com/aspose-words" liveDemosLink="https://products.aspose.app/words/family" docsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/words/java" installationsDocsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/words/java" nugetLink="" nugetPackageName="" downloadAsLink="https://downloads.aspose.com/words/java" learnAsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/words/java" apiReference="" mavenRepoLink="https://repository.aspose.com/webapp/#/artifacts/browse/tree/General/repo/com/aspose/aspose-words" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="How to Convert PDF to EMF Using Java" %}}

 In order to render PDF to EMF, we’ll use
 [Aspose.Words for Java](https://products.aspose.com/words/java) 
 API which is a feature-rich, powerful and easy to use conversion API for Java platform. You can download its latest version directly from
 [Maven](https://repository.aspose.com/webapp/#/artifacts/browse/tree/General/repo/com/aspose/aspose-words) 
 and install it within your Maven-based project by adding the following configurations to the pom.xml.

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Repository" offSpacer="true" %}}

```cs

<repository>
<id>AsposeJavaAPI</id>
<name>Aspose Java API</name>
<url>https://repository.aspose.com/repo/</url>
</repository>

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Dependency" offSpacer="true" %}}

```cs
<dependency>
<groupId>com.aspose</groupId>
<artifactId>aspose-words</artifactId>
<version>version of aspose-words API</version>
<classifier>jdk17</classifier>
</dependency>

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section isGrey="true" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="Steps to Convert PDF to EMF via Java" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Aspose.Words API makes it easy for the developers to convert PDF file to EMF in just a few lines of code.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

1.  Load PDF file with an instance of Document class
1.  Call the Document.save method with output file path & SaveFormat.EMF
1.  EMF file will be saved at the specified path

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="System Requirements" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Aspose.Words for Java supports on all major platforms and Operating Systems. Please make sure that you have the following prerequisites.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

- Microsoft Windows or a compatible OS with Java Runtime Environment for JSP/JSF Application and Desktop Applications.
- Get latest version of Aspose.Words for Java directly from Maven.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Java source code for PDF to EMF Conversion" offSpacer="" %}}

```cs
// load PDF with an instance of Document
Document document = new Document("template.pdf");
// call Save method while passing SaveFormat.EMF
document.save("output.emf",SaveFormat.EMF);   

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section >}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/faq-item question="" answer="" >}}
 

<!-- aboutfile Starts -->

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox sectionTitle="PDF to EMF Conversion Live Demos" sectionDescription="[Convert PDF to EMF](https://products.aspose.app/words/conversion/pdf-to-emf) right now by visiting our Live Demos website.The live demo has the following benefits" >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-cogs" text=" No need to download Aspose API." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-edit" text=" No need to write any code." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-file-text" text=" Just upload your PDF file, it will be converted instantly to EMF." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-download" text=" You will get the download link." >}}

    {{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="Java Word Document Manipulation Library" %}}

 Aspose.Words API can be used to load, view and convert Microsoft Word and OpenDocument Formats like DOC, DOCX, ODT to PDF, XPS, HTML and various other formats. You can also create new documents from scratch and save them in the supported formats. Aspose.Words is a standalone API that is suitable for server side and backend systems where high performance is required. It does not depend on any software like Microsoft or OpenOffice. ‎



    {{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="PDF" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/view/pdf/" >}}

Portable Document Format (PDF) is a type of document created by Adobe back in 1990s. The purpose of this file format was to introduce a standard for representation of documents and other reference material in a format that is independent of application software, hardware as well as Operating System. PDF files can be opened in Adobe Acrobat Reader/Writer as well in most modern browsers like Chrome, Safari, Firefox via extensions/plug-ins. Most of the commercially available software suites also offer conversion of their documents to PDF file format without the requirement of any additional software component. Thus, PDF file format has full capability to contain information like text, images, hyperlinks, form-fields, rich media, digital signatures, attachments, metadata, Geospatial features and 3D objects in it that can become as part of source document.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="EMF" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/image/emf/" >}}

Enhanced metafile format (EMF) stores graphical images device-independently. Metafiles of EMF comprises of variable-length records in chronological order that can render the stored image after parsing on any output device. These variable-length records can be definitions of enclosed objects, commands for drawing, and graphics properties critical to render the image accurately. When a device opens an EMF metafile using its own graphics environment, the proportions, dimensions, colors and other graphic properties of original image remains same regardless of the opening device platform.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

    {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox >}}

<!-- aboutfile Ends -->


{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-container >}}
    
{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class >}}