---
title: Convert OTT to PDF via .NET 
weight: 9630
url: /net/conversion/ott-to-pdf/ 
description: Try our On-Premise APIs with your document on .NET Framework, .NET Core, Windows Azure, Mono or Xamarin Platforms.
---

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class isAutogenPage="true">}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/upper-banner h1="Convert OTT to PDF via C#" h2="Build apps on .NET Framework, .NET Core, Windows Azure, Mono or Xamarin Platforms that can convert OTT to PDF." logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.com/templates/aspose/App_Themes/V3/images/words/272x272/aspose_words-for-net.png" sourceAdditionalConversionTag="" additionalConversionTag="PDF" pfName="Aspose.Words" subTitlepfName="for .NET" downloadUrl="" fileiconsmall1="HTML" fileiconsmall2="JPG" fileiconsmall3="PDF" fileiconsmall4="XML" fileiconsmall5="OTT" >}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-container pfName="Aspose.Words " subTitlepfName="for .NET" >}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/sub-menu autoGeneratedVersion="true" logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.com/templates/aspose/App_Themes/V3/images/words/272x272/aspose_words-for-net.png" apiHomeLink="https://products.aspose.app/words/family" codeSamplesLink="https://github.com/aspose-words" liveDemosLink="https://products.aspose.app/words/family" docsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/words/net" installationsDocsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/words/net" nugetLink="https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.words" nugetPackageName="" downloadAsLink="" learnAsLink="" apiReference="" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="How to Convert OTT to PDF Using C#" %}}

 In order to convert OTT to PDF, weвЂ™ll use
 [Aspose.Words for .NET](https://products.aspose.com/words/net) 
 API which is a feature-rich, powerful and easy to use document manipulation and conversion API for C# platform. Open
 [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.words) 
 package manager, search for
 **Aspose.Words** 
 and install. You may also use the following command from the Package Manager Console.

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Aspose.Words" offSpacer="true" %}}

```cs

PM> Install-Package Aspose.Words

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section isGrey="true" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="Steps to Convert OTT to PDF via C#" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Aspose.Words makes it easy for the developers to load & convert OTT files to PDF in just a few lines of code.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

1.  Load OTT file with an instance of Document class
1.  Call the Save method with output file path & SaveFormat.Pdf as parameters
1.  PDF file will be saved at the specified path

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="System Requirements" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Aspose.Words for .NET is supported on all major operating systems. Just make sure that you have the following prerequisites.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

-  Microsoft Windows or a compatible OS with .NET Framework, .NET Core, Windows Azure, Mono or Xamarin Platforms.
-  Development environment like Microsoft Visual Studio.
-  Aspose.Words for .NET DLL referenced in your project.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Command" offSpacer="" %}}

```cs
// load OTT with an instance of Document
var document = new Aspose.Words.Document("template.ott");
// call Save method while passing SaveFormat.PDF
document.Save("output.pdf", Aspose.Words.SaveFormat.Pdf); 

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section >}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/faq-item question="" answer="" >}}
 

<!-- aboutfile Starts -->

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox sectionTitle="Free App to Convert OTT to PDF" sectionDescription="Check our live demos for [OTT to PDF conversion](https://products.aspose.app/words/conversion/ott-to-pdf) with following benefits." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-cogs" text=" No need to download or setup anything." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-edit" text=" No need to write any code." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-file-text" text=" Just upload your OTT file and hit the \"Convert\" button." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-download" text=" You will instantly get the download link for resultant PDF file." >}}

    {{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="" %}}

 A Document Processing Library to perform a wide range of document management and manipulation tasks including generation, editing, conversion, rendering and printing. .NET Word API supports all of word-processing formats as well as allows exporting or converting documents to PDF, fixed-layout and most commonly used image & multimedia formats.



    {{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="OTT" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/word-processing/ott/" >}}
Files with OTT extension represent template documents generated by applications in compliance with the OASIS' OpenDocument standard format. These are created with word processor applications such as free OpenOffice Writer and can hold settings that can be used to generate new documents from these template files. These settings include page margins, borders, headers, footers, and other page settings. Such templates are used in official documents such as company letterheads and standardized forms.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="pdf" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/view/pdf/" >}}
Portable Document Format (PDF) is a type of document created by Adobe back in 1990s. The purpose of this file format was to introduce a standard for representation of documents and other reference material in a format that is independent of application software, hardware as well as Operating System. PDF files can be opened in Adobe Acrobat Reader/Writer as well in most modern browsers like Chrome, Safari, Firefox via extensions/plug-ins. Most of the commercially available software suites also offer conversion of their documents to PDF file format without the requirement of any additional software component. Thus, PDF file format has full capability to contain information like text, images, hyperlinks, form-fields, rich media, digital signatures, attachments, metadata, Geospatial features and 3D objects in it that can become as part of source document.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

    {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox >}}

<!-- aboutfile Ends -->

{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-container >}}
    
{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class >}}